Changelog 0.4.0 (#229)
alpaka-group/cupla: CHANGELOG.md

Changelog
=========

0.4.0 "YYYY"
------------
**Date:** 2022-05-XX

### Compatibility Changes:

> - switch to alpaka 0.6.0 #225 #226, [see all breaking changes](https://github.com/alpaka-group/alpaka/blob/0.9.0/CHANGELOG.md#breaking-changes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- switch to alpaka 0.9.0 #225 #226, [see all breaking changes](https://github.com/alpaka-group/alpaka/blob/0.9.0/CHANGELOG.md#breaking-changes)
```

- 
### Bug Fixes:

> - Allow to include alpaka via add_subdirectory before cupla in an external project #216

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow including alpaka via add_subdirectory before cupla in an external project #216
```

> - fix using cupla with add_subdirectory for HIP backe-end #219

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fix using cupla with add_subdirectory for the HIP backend #219
```

- fix warning: expression result unused #222

### New Features:

> - Documenting interoperability with alpaka api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Documenting interoperability with alpaka API
```

### Misc

> - Modernize CMake #203

Reviewer: Perhaps that can be moved to the compatibility section?
